Greetings to the Sword Lord
Get up, yeah
I don't know what orders the sword lord has to recruit you today
My wedding is in three days
Are you going to do something for me?
Lord Jianzun
You are getting married
So what do we need to do for you?
You go and do three things for me immediately. First
The most luxurious hotel in Yunchen
Planning a wedding second
Put Kowloon Group
The trillion-dollar signing ceremony with the Tang Sect
Put it on my wedding
Third Order Global Finance
Top young people in various political and military industries
Come to my wedding
Lord Jianjun
Once your wedding gets out
Even heads of state
Will scramble to come
So what to do?
If they come, let them come
After all, don't you call the gift giver when you open the door?
Mom, what happened?
OK. I'll be right back.
Just go to my business first, right?
Mom, what happened?
Nonsense, you're finally back.
Come back to Li's house with me now
What are you doing at Li's house?
Oops, your dad is dying
Time is running out